# My Project

This is a project that I created to do a YouTube comment summary.

This project uses the Rapid API to get YouTube comments and summarize them using NLP algorithms.

What is this project?

This project is a Python script that takes a YouTube video ID as input and outputs a summary of the comments.
The summary is generated by using NLP algorithms to identify the most important and relevant comments.

How do I use this project?

To use this project, you will need to install the following Python libraries:

nltk

pandas

numpy

WordCloud

matlab

Once you have installed the required libraries, you can run the following command to summarize the comments for a YouTube video:

python youtube_comments_summary.py {"id":"HbKO4RiON3g","hl":"ta","gl":"IN"}

Prerequisites
You need to have a Rapid API key. You can get a key from the Rapid API website: https://rapidapi.com/
You need to have the Python requests library installed. You can install it with the following command:

pip install requests

How to work?

This project uses the Rapid API to get the comments for a YouTube video. The comments are then passed to an NLP algorithm.

which identifies the most important and relevant comments. The summary of the comments is then output to the console.

##EDA

Wordcloud visualization is a technique that can be used to represent the frequency of words in a text corpus. It works by creating a cloud of words, 
where the size of each word is proportional to its frequency. This can be a helpful way to visualize the most 
important words in a text or to identify trends in language usage.
